Expert Mean/Mern Stack Developer with Having More than 8 Years of Experience With years of experience in websites and web applications design and development.

I will develop a responsive and user-friendly Website for your business that will help you grow your business rapidly.

Let’s discuss your project, your ideas, your requirements and I can provide my valuable insights and technical inputs, with a goal to arm you with the necessary information, steps, tools, and resources required, along with documentation outlining the scope of work.

I will provide you with the best possible solution after gathering the requirements from you and will come out with amazing results by using MERN STACK

What You'll Get?

1. Custom web app development, CRUD apps
2. Backend development
3. Rest API
4. Admin panels and dashboards
5. Bug Fixes in NodeJS
6. MongoDB Database
7. CMS for managing content.

Hello, Are you looking for a reliable full-stack developer for your website development needs if yes, then I am the right guy. I can provide the best Websites to you using the Latest Technology stack.

I'm an expert developer and I have more than 10 years of experience in the software development industry, especially in web development. I have solid skills both in Front-end, and Back-end development and below is a summary of my skills:
Project Type
Data Analysis, Development, Cybersecurity, Data Protection, IT, File Conversion, QA, User Testing


The Alternative Outsouring that actually works:

The Future of Work is Remote. Software companies today are struggling to grow and manage development teams either due to a lack of qualified candidates. Our mission is to enable those companies to scale and grow faster than was ever thought possible by tapping into reliable, efficient and cost effective remote talent pools vetted on Silicon Valley bar.

For offshore remote staffing I provide with the following:

- Highly vetted people that work US business hours.
- Excellent English communication.
- Long-term stable workforce that works from our secure office locations.
- Happy employees that work hard for you.

TopSyntax reinvents remote work to make it a joyful experience. If your company needs world class engineers, let's talk. :)

For more details please visit topsyntax.io